README.md, before:

# Mint Theme :herb:

A modern theme for Discourse with a hint of mint.

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Discourse Settings

Following setting changes are required for this theme to render properly:

- `top menu` needs to be set to **category, latest, new, unread, top**
- `desktop category page style` needs to be set to **Boxes with Subcategories**

### Discourse Search Banner

In the options for the `discourse-search-banner` theme component, following changes are required for this theme to render properly:

- `show-on` options needs to be set to **homepage**
- ~~`plugin-outlet` options needs to be set to **below-site-header**~~
    > As of Oct. 4th, 2022: The outlet will be auto-set by the Mint theme
- `background image` can be set as per your requirement

## 🖼️ Screenshots

### Homepage (categories)

![main](.github/images/main.jpg)
![categories](.github/images/categories.jpg)

### Latest

![main](.github/images/topic-list.jpg)

### Topic

![main](.github/images/topic.jpg)

### Advanced Search

![main](.github/images/advanced-search.jpg)

Commit message:

dev: removes deprecated discourse-search-banner, updates README.md, about.json

README.md, after:

# Mint Theme :herb:

A modern theme for Discourse with a hint of mint.

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Discourse Settings

On the page **Admin > Interface & layout** (`/admin/config/interface`), the following changes are required for this theme to render properly:

- **Top menu** needs to be set to `categories, latest, new, unread, top`
- **Desktop category page style** needs to be set to `Boxes with Subcategories`

![interface and layout](images/interface-and-layout.jpg)

### Welcome Banner

On the page **Admin > Welcome banner** (`/admin/config/welcome-banner`), the following changes are required for this theme to render properly:

* **Page visibility** option needs to be set to `Homepage only`
* **Location** should be set to `Below site header`

![welcome banner settings](images/welcome-banner-settings.jpg)

## 🖼️ Screenshots

### Homepage (categories)

![main](images/main.jpg)
![categories](images/categories.jpg)

### Latest

![topic list](images/topic-list.jpg)

### Topic

![topic](images/topic.jpg)

### Advanced Search

![advanced search](images/advanced-search.jpg)
